Assignment operator + free Resources (#1635)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/106-javascript/content/108-javascript-expressions-and-operators/100-assignment-operators.md

> # Assignment operators
> The `=` assignment operator used to assign a value to a variable. And change if neeeded.
> 
> - let a `=` 5;
> 
> 
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Assignment'> Assignment Operator</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/operators#assignment'>Basic Operators</BadgeLink>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_assignment.asp'>JavaScript Assignment</BadgeLink>
> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Assignment Operators

An assignment operator assigns a value to its left operand based on the value of its right operand. The simple assignment operator is equal (`=`), which assigns the value of its right operand to its left operand. That is, `x = f()` is an assignment expression that assigns the value of `f()` to `x`.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Expressions_and_Operators#assignment_operators'>Assignment Operators</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://javascript.info/operators#assignment'>Basic Operators</BadgeLink>
```
